Update UserGuide.md (#148)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `add_volunteer n/Betsy Crowe p/1234567 ag/27 vnr/S8959886I re/NORTH t/experienced mt/CPR ADVANCED mt/BLS BASIC dr/2023-06-03,2023-06-17`
* `add_volunteer n/John Wick e/johnwick@example.com a/New yourk p/1234561 vnr/T1254567D ag/28 dr/2023-04-01,2023-04-15 dr/2023-03-01,2023-07-17`
* `add_volunteer n/Sally White ag/23 vnr/S8457677H`

#### Pair volunteer and elderly: `add_pair`

Add a pairing between an existing elderly and volunteer.
This allows you to track which elderly members are assigned to which volunteers.

Format: `add_pair enr/ELDERLY_NRIC vnr/VOLUNTEER_NRIC`

* After pairing, the newly added pairs appear in the pair list in the window.
* Only elderly members and volunteers existing in FriendlyLink's data can be paired.
* Only elderly members and volunteers with intersecting available dates can be paired.
* Elderly member and volunteers in different regions can be paired but a warning message is issued.
* Duplicate pairs will fail to be added to FriendlyLink.
* Alphabets in NRIC are case-insensitive.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Notes pairing**<br>

> * Pairing will only be successful if there are no clashes in availability that is specified by the elderly and volunteer.

Reviewer: I believe this restriction is being removed. See #140

Author: #140 is not "allowing pairing with no overlapping available dates", but "after edit, one pair may have no overlapping available dates, warn such edits"

Reviewer 2: I feel that add pair should completely block if available dates don't match but also throw a warning like edit. Need @gohyongjing to confirm.

Reviewer 3: yeap, my pr #150 makes it such that `editElderly`, `editVolunteer` and `addPair` all accepts pair with no matching dates and regions but gives a notice in the success message

Author: Ok I will then update it

> * Pairing will only be successful if there are no clashes in availability that is specified by the elderly and volunteer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* A warning will be given if there are clashes in availability between the volunteer and elderly when pairing.
```

Format: `edit_elderly INDEX [n/NAME] [nr/NRIC] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [ag/AGE] [re/REGION] [r/RISK_LEVEL] [t/TAG]… [dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]…`

* Edits the elderly at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed elderly list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* Any combination of the optional fields is possible but **at least one** optional field must be specified.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing fields allowing multiple inputs, the existing contents of the field will be removed. i.e. editing of tags or available dates will overwrite previous ones and are not cumulative.
* You can remove all the elderly’s tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it. Same for available dates by typing `dr/`.

Examples:

* `edit_elderly 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st elderly to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
* `edit_elderly 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the 2nd elderly to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

> #### Editing a volunteer by index : `edit_volunteer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Editing a volunteer by index: `edit_volunteer`
```

* When editing fields allowing multiple inputs, the existing contents of the field will be removed. i.e. editing of tags, medical qualifications or available dates will overwrite previous ones and are not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it. Same behavior as tags for available dates and medical qualifications by typing `dr/` and `mt/` respectively.

Examples:

* `edit S2233556T p/91642345 ag/43` Edits the phone number of the person identified by `S2233556T` to be `91642345` and age to be `43`.
* `edit S8833657U ag/68 r/HIGH` Edits the age of the person identified by `S8833657U` to be `68` and risk level to be `HIGH`. However, if `S8833657U` identifies a volunteer, the risk level edit will be ignored.

------------------------------------------------

### Deleting records

Delete the specific information of an existing elderly or volunteer in FriendlyLink, based on their NRIC.

> #### Deleting an elderly : `delete_elderly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deleting an elderly: `delete_elderly`
```

Deletes the specified elderly from FriendlyLink.

Format: `delete_elderly NRIC`

* Deletes the elderly with the specified NRIC `NRIC`.
* If no existing elderly matches the specified `NRIC`, FriendlyLink will inform the user that no such elderly exists.
* If the deleted elderly has existing pairings, the corresponding pairing information will also be deleted.

Examples:

> * `delete_elderly S8238657A` deletes an existing elderly with NRIC `S8238657A`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete_elderly S8238657A` deletes an existing elderly with NRIC `S8238657A`, as well as all the pairings containing this elderly.
```
Or something to this effect.

> #### Deleting a volunteer : `delete_volunteer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deleting a volunteer: `delete_volunteer`
```

#### Unpair volunteer and elderly: `delete_pair`

Unpairs an elderly from its assigned volunteer.

This deletes the pair while still keeping the information of the elderly member and volunteer.

Format `delete_pair enr/ELDERLY_NRIC vnr/VOLUNTEER_NRIC`

* After deletion, the pair is removed in the list of pairs in the window.
* Alphabets in NRIC are case-insensitive.

Examples
* `delete_pair enr/S2235243I vnr/t0123423a` unpairs the elderly with NRIC S2235243I with the volunteer with NRIC T0123423A.
* `delete_pair enr/s1135243A vnr/S0773423a` unpairs the elderly with NRIC S1135243A with the volunteer with NRIC S0773423A.

-----------------------------------------

### Finding people and their related pairs: `find`

Finds any elderly or volunteers matching **all** of the specified fields, and pairings that they are involved in.

Format: `find [n/NAME] [nr/NRIC] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [ag/AGE] [re/REGION] [r/RISK_LEVEL] [mt/MEDICAL_QUALIFICATIONS] [t/TAG] [dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]`

* Fields can be in any order.
* The fields are optional so any combination of them is possible but **at least one** field must be specified.

> * When multiple of the same field is specified, the last one will be taken. e.g. `find n/jane n/john` will search for names that contain `john` only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When multiple of the same field are specified, only the last one will be taken. e.g. `find n/jane n/john` will search for names that contain `john` only.
```

    * A person cannot be both an elderly and a volunteer.
* Pair
    * Pairs with the same elderly and same volunteer are the same pair.

--------------------------------------------------

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous FriendlyLink home folder.

---------------------------------------------------

## Command summary

| Action               | Format, Examples                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Add Elderly**      | `add_elderly n/NAME enr/NRIC [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [ag/AGE] [re/REGION] [r/RISK] [t/TAG]… [dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]…` <br> e.g.,`add_elderly n/John p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street enr/S1234567C ag/68 re/NORTH r/HIGH t/lonely dr/2023-06-03,2023-06-17`      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Add Elderly**      | `add_elderly n/NAME enr/NRIC [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [ag/AGE] [re/REGION] [r/RISK_LEVEL] [t/TAG]… [dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]…` <br> e.g.,`add_elderly n/John p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street enr/S1234567C ag/68 re/NORTH r/HIGH t/lonely dr/2023-06-03,2023-06-17`      |
```
